Add support for speed limits via maxspeed annotations. (#367)
mapbox/MapboxDirections.swift: CHANGELOG.md

# Changes to MapboxDirections.swift

## v0.27.4

> * Added support for maxspeed annotations from the Directions API. ([#367](https://github.com/mapbox/MapboxDirections.swift/pull/367))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `AttributeOptions.maximumSpeedLimit` for getting maximum posted speed limits in the `RouteLeg.segmentMaximumSpeedLimits` property. ([#367](https://github.com/mapbox/MapboxDirections.swift/pull/367))
```
